Forgive any typos

Docker with environments are all below.
       MySQL and MariaDB Spark, mongo, Kakfa, Cassandra, Redis
       MySQL with Slaves, MHA, haproxy, sql proxy, and other HA, FO, or scalable solutions. 
       MySQL or MariaDB with NDB, galeria

spark, pyspark, kakfa, solar winds, skysql,
mysql (stored procedures, HA and FO, tuning, Slow Queries, variables ,  Xtrabackup, ProxySQL, MySQL Orchestrator,
mongo 4.4 (with various topics, aggregatged pipline sharding, etc. )
Database dashboard. git

AWS : Lamda, Clouffront, Ec2, S3, Document DD, diferent Auraos setups (pros and cons),
  Elastic Cache and setup with MySQL, Kenesis, Elastoc bean stalk, CLI and Python API,
  kafka, redshift, monitoring and alarms, 

Cassandra and versus Mongo
ETL process --- General processe (raw data, processed data, data to SQL or warehouse) -- mysql, spark and mongo

Monitoring: solar winds, MMS, Mongo (and tools), 

Database
	snowflake
	MySQL
	MongoDB
	Casandra
	Spark

Monitoring and Graphing
	solar winds
	Zabbix
	Nagios
	Grafana/Graphite
	DataDog
	PMM


Mariadb
	Docker etup notes and install cluster and master-slave locally on different ports
	Innodb Cluster
	rep and gtid plus ons slave commit

MySQL
      percona vs oracle vs mariadb, db ratings, couchbase
      mysql upgrade to percona, mariadb, tar and rpm
      audit modules, information schema, performance schema
      Security and Accounts: ssl connection, easiest authentication and authorization
    	  and manging passwords, and stuff etc.
  	schema and datga changes in prod, with inline, psc, and separate days
  	       database and software push.

      HA and Failover and Replication and Backups and Recovery
     	  Types of replication, clustering, backups, recovery, sharding
	  Scale up horizontal and vertical, and read scaling and write scaling
       	  haproxy
       	  MHA
       	  Innodb CLuster
       	  NDB cluster
	  Keep Alive and vip
  	   https://us.sios.com/blogs/how-to-configure-mysql-cluster-amazon-ec2/
	   https://www.clusterdb.com/mysql/replication-and-auto-failover-made-easy-with-mysql-utilities
	   https://datto.engineering/post/lossless-mysql-semi-sync-replication-and-automated-failover

Cloud
	SkySQL versus other cloud, aws, azure, gcp
	Tools: Lamda, Dass, SaaS, Load balancing, cache, etc. 
	different DaaS, SaaS
	Monitoring and graphing
	  AWS Insight and extended insight


Certifications
	MySQL, Mongo, Spark, etc
	Python and other languages
	Linux
	Windoze
	AWS, GCP, and maybe Azure

Creating your own website
	 AWS etup
	 DNS setup
	 Google setup
	 Software setup
	 	  kcomposer and ispell. [s[ad and download spell chjcker,
		  notepad++
		  docker : more articles, Kubernetes, etc. 

Techniques and Procedures
	   Failover, HA, etc. 
	   Saving sql work in prod.
	      mkdir TICKETS/<id>
	      mysql -v-v
	      tee logfile
	      use <DB>
   	      select now(), hostname;
      	      source FILE.sql
	      ALso, source file must be approved with exact commands. Must not be copied by windows to Linux.
	   Dev to SQ to Staging to Prod
	    

Automation and related
	Anisble, Salt, Chef, Puppet, and cloud
	Kerburnetes
	GIT
