
Settings.

1. How much innodb buffer pool should be set? ANSWER: 75% of memory.
   People say %80 but I have seen where systems need the 5%

2. What should the size of my various buffers be for connections?

3. Always assign a server-id to the servers.

4. What should my backup rentation policy be?
  a. backup binlogs for 30 days. or your choice. 
  b. Daily backup of Slave.
     1. How long and if you want to keep them and if you want to do diff backps is your choice.
  c. Schema and data compare the Master and Slave once a month.
  d. Backup from a Slave.
  e. Record the binlog position of the slave and its master so you can connect to either.

5. What should be my high availability?
  a. Use a product like MHA which can redo all the slave positions if a Master Fails.
  b. TODO: list others here.

6. What types of Sharding is good?
  a. The web sharding from oracle sucks.
  b. ProxySQL is good.
  d. SOFTWARE: Shard databases by mod like 32 databases with mod 32 of a key hash is good
      and put mutiple databases on a server. Need more space, divide the no of databases
      by 2 a ove them to new servers. A single database and table should record
      which servers have which database. 
  e. SOFTWARE: One database server has a table which lists of ID of the customer and
      which server they are one.
      1. Add new servers and which servers can accept new customers.
      2. Which tables can be trimmed by date in the databases.
      3. Be able to lock and move one customer at a time from one server to another. 

7. What locks, mutexes, and semaphores should be be concerned about?

8. How do I detect locks, mutexs, andsemaphores causing problems?

9. What are drawbacks for not having a primary key on a table?

10. What should some misc config items be:
    a. For temporary tables, set max_heap_table_size and tmp_table_size to the size
       your queries will need.

11. What are danger sizes of having a high tmp table size or other problems with
    temp tables.
    a.If 100 connections used 100 megs for temp tables, then 100*100megs will get used
      up in memory if every connection needs it.
    b. It still maybe be true, if you have varchar(1000) and only 1 byte in each row,
       temp tables will assing 1000 bytes for that row regardless. Eat up lots of ram.

12. use innodb_file_per_table

13. innodb_log_file_size should be 1 gig and have 4 files.
    a. Check by global variables or show engine innodb status these files are mostly
       empty. TODO: which global variables.

14. Misc config:
    a. Set Linux swapiness to 0 but still have swap space.
    b. innodb_write_io_threads and innodb_read_io_threads defaults are okay, but you might
       want to test increasing them. If the innodb logs are filling up, increase
       innodb_purge_threads
    c. The no of tables should be may less then open files or table_cache.

15. How do I tell ifIo is an issue?
    1. iostats
    2. show innodb status (innodb logs filling up)
    3. All queries are effcient, very few slow queries, but you still have lots of queries
       second or more for less than  rows of data each.
    4. in Show proesslist, you see connections 1 second or more in a bad state like:
        Analyzing for MySIAM tables, freeing items (shouldnt see this, it quick),
	init (should be very quick), Opening tables, statistics, and many more.




Nagios alarms:
1. Replication alarm should check the master status and slave status.
Master and slave on differnet files:  3 crits.
Master and Slave on the same posiion (give it a buffer for warnings
 and a buffer for crits): 3 warnings before 3 crits.

2. What should my diskspace alarm be? 70% for warning. Which means you should
have enough time to get more space. %80 for crit.

3. What else should I check?
  a. connectios not getting close to max connections.
  b. Buffer for new connections is good.
  c. Innodb logs are filling up.
  d. Processes look good. No locked queries. No more than one long running query,
      0r 10 queries above 1 second, or 5 above 5 seconds, or 2 about 30. No queries
      in bad states.
      1. TODO: list out bad states. 
  e. Write adn read activity
  f. selects, deletes, insert, updates and others should be checked on.
  g. Lots of graphing products make charts, and you may want to make alarms on critical
     lines on the charts.,
     
